last month our next guest earned the
number one spot on netflix for being
sexually assaulted by a gorilla in his
crazy
hidden camera movie bad trip this time
he has it easier it's an animated movie
called the mitchells versus the machines
it premieres a week from tomorrow on
netflix please welcome
eric andre
[Applause]
what can we do now in coron can we
handshake when do handshakes come back
here's the thing we have to pretend
we're not shaking hands
just so everybody doesn't go crazy but
we can shake hands i got
the vaccine i don't want to i don't want
to shake your hand i'm all right
i'm terrified i'm not none of corona of
like whatever
other diseases okay
that's reasonable consumption bubonic
plague
people still get consumption yeah i
don't know
i went to public school i don't know
jesus there are
by the way i'm glad you're in a good
mood because you had like a really uh
bad literally a bad trip get me started
i will get me started
i was following you on i ain't following
you on twitter but i was looking at your
tweets last night
and i was like well something seems to
be happening yeah so i
so i was filming in charleston south
carolina no direct flight so i had to
connect in atlanta
i'm in the atlanta airport delta lounge
drinking a pina colada
enjoying myself okay they like
swipe my ticket i go to the gate they
swipe my ticket hey welcome aboard i'm
down the little
narrow awkward jet bridge two cops
appear these two white cops like
on that little awkward narrow jet bridge
and they whip out their badge like
like hawaii 5-0 style and they're like
come with me and i'm like
business class so the only brown person
there clearly they're like singling me
out it's like all white businessmen and
then me
she whips out her badge the like the
rookie the younger of the two cops
and then she starts interrogating me
like what drugs do you have
on you are you transporting crystal meth
to los angeles
like i'm walter white from breaking bad
uh
crazy interrogation i think the tsa at
first i'm like wait what and i started
getting nervous they like
undid my pina colada like any buds oh
any buzz i have just vanished i start
panicking because i'm like dude did i
have a joint from like two coachellas
ago like at the bottom
of my backpack yeah so she's
interrogating me like what drugs you
have
and i'm like what's going on here
they're doing like stopping for like
racial profiling
stop and frisk it was the clayton county
pd
i've never heard of being stopped in
once in
like awkward jet bridge where there's no
like people are awkwardly like shaking
around me i'm like sweating
you'd already gone through security
right i went through tsa yeah went
through tsa
so she's interrogating me and then she
goes can i search your uh
luggage and i looked up at like the
older cop and i was like can i say
no and he's like yeah you can say no and
then i was like well then no
are you like no get me out of here like
like clearly so i get on the plane and i
get really woke on the plane i'm on the
plane wi-fi the plane takes off i'm like
tweeting at the mayor of atlanta i'm
tweeting at the atlanta pd
i start tweeting at joe biden like you
need to tell the dea to get off my back
i don't know it's clayton county police
i'm tweeting at everybody all angry the
whole flight and i'm drinking like vodka
tonics i'm just getting more drunk and
angry
and then and then uh the mayor starts
the mayor of atlanta and starts tweeting
back at me i'm like oh i didn't know
that was gonna work
mayor keisha lance bought him that's
when you know bad trip did really well
because all of a sudden you're getting
response
from the mayor she wrote sorry to hear
about your experience it's my
understanding
this was not atlanta pd but another one
of many agencies working in the airport
we are working
to confirm yes so it wasn't atlanta pd
it's like the neighboring
like the more boring county next door
clayton
county it's their police department
they're doing like old school giuliani
stop and frisk racial profiling it
happened to my other buddy who's a black
comedian too he was like
i was the only white person on the only
black person on the jet bridge and they
like stopped me
and they like un undid my whole backpack
they're doing like
90s era manhattan stop and frisk they
didn't know who you were
the these police officers no i was
massed up and because i could see if
they knew who you were
stopping to check if you had drugs yes
but but
so they released the clayton county
police
released a very interesting response yes
do you have that i have it
i have it in my pocket i'll read it if
you like it out on my printer this is
how
you want to read it or you want to i
want you to read it but i just want to
show you the amount of preparation this
i printed it out myself
yeah you really like me though
this guy has a props department i mean
this is abc you guys have money
my printer at home i was like i'm
helping jimmy out
look at him look at that it's like a
it's like a menu at like a wolfgang puck
restaurant it has my name on the back
yeah so do you want do my i'd rather
read yours yeah i like yours okay
my printer's like running out of ink too
like every other line is missing
the truth is yours is easier to read all
right the clayton county police
department's response
to actor eric andre's claims of racial
profiling yes
on april 21st the clayton county police
department made a consensual encounter
with a male traveler first of all it
sounds like we're like about to have sex
or something like like they met me in a
bathroom at a gas station
and we made love um while george
michael's played in the background
but no it wasn't consensual they whipped
out a batch and they were like
come with me like i'm like i'm not gonna
go no and like run onto the plane and
it was consensual in the broadest
definition of the broadest definition
identified
later as eric andre as he was preparing
to fly to california
from the atlanta airport mr andre chose
to speak
with investigators during the initial
encounter
i didn't really have a choice but sure
during the encounter
mr andre voluntarily provided the
investigators information
as to his travel plans i'll give them
that yeah i told him i was filming
something
mr andre also voluntarily consented to a
search of his luggage
but the investigators chose not to do so
no
that's a lie that's a bold-faced lie all
they had to do was go
hey man we're sorry like we messed up
we're doing some racist
like search and frisk at the airport
and then like own it and stop doing it
and why would delta
which has their hub in atlanta why would
they want this negative pr
why would the atlanta airport want this
negative vr
yeah like this is like why would the
clinton county taxpayers want their cops
to do this
why i don't know that we can hold delta
responsible for this
because obviously they don't control the
police but but i know what you're saying
some frequent flyer miles
i didn't want to i'm trying to angle
this into this i didn't mean to i didn't
mean to get you off your angle
yes no i'm trying to get a couple free
flights to phoenix
investigators identified that there was
no reason to continue a conversation and
therefore it terminated the encounter
mr andre boarded the plane without being
detained and continued on his travels
the dea and the atlanta police
department did not assist in this
consensual encounter essentially
weird terminology i know it's like like
they were trying to deep french kiss me
or something at some point
well that sucks by the way it sucks it
totally sucks so i'm like i
you know it's funny so i i'm angrily
tweeting the whole flight
and when i land i get to lax i go to
baggage claim and tmz is there like
ready with their camera
so that's fine i tell them the whole
thing no problem and then as i'm getting
to my car
i'm so wound up and angry i turn to the
tmz guy's camera and i go
the only drug i had in my backpack was
propecia
i swear to god he goes well your hair
looks great yeah it's working thanks
definitely working
[Laughter]
well hopefully they will think twice
about that the next time that happens
why are they racially profiling
people in that awkward-ass jet bridge
why are they doing stop and frisk
like anyway right like like yeah
anywhere leave me alone you're not
making my life safer i don't know whose
life you're making safer
yeah like stop the murderers and
burglars man yeah let me smoke a dude
i didn't even have a doobie on me i
don't even it's not the like i've been
crazy i'll get you one it seems like you
could use one yeah thank you
let's talk about this movie because by
the way i want you to know that
um i talk to a lot of people and a lot
of people
love bad trip and really i really like
talk about it
myself included thank you so this one
here with netflix again the mitchells
versus the machines is about robots
taking over the world
which by the way not a terrible idea it
sounds like i think we'd be in better
hands with the robots
your set is so fancy i literally just
had a moment where i kicked this coffee
table and i was like
i should ben mow him back
everything's fake nothing's real it's
not even really made out of chocolate
yeah
um yes the robots the robots are taking
over the world
i mean like that's the thing i was like
i was having the best like the bad trips
doing very well
i was having the best week ever i got
nominated for a mtv movie award for bad
truth
congratulations and then and then and
then the fuzz man the fuzz killed my
buzz dude
yeah decriminalize all dru like at least
decriminalize mushrooms like mushroom
come on
my troops nobody has anyone ever heard
like
hey man you know about fred i don't know
what i'm going to it's got a really bad
mushroom problem
no one has a problem with mushrooms
there's no mushroom addiction
are you talking about fred armisen he's
talking about fred harveston
specifically he's here actually
and he's on mushrooms bring him out with
a drum set danny mcbride
maya rudolph abby jacobson fred oh
olivia coleman conan o'brien chrissy
teigen
john legend and you eric connor i didn't
even know people were
that many you never know i had no idea
those people were in the movie though
there wasn't
a past party there wasn't a oh well like
when you do an animated movie
you stand in front of a microphone for
90 minutes
and then three years later you meet the
whole cast
yeah at the red carpet that's an amazing
cast well i hope that one day you and
the cast have a nice consensual
encounter together
the mitchells versus the machines and
premieres a week from tomorrow on
netflix eric andre
everybody thank you thank you
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and i am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now i'm
hungry